## HEKA Tools
This is a collection of tools for analyzing, organizing, plotting, and converting electrophysiologic data acquired using HEKA Patchmaster amplifiers. 

This package contains 
1. HEKA Preprocessing tools to convert HEKA Patchmaster data into compact Axon Binary Files (.ABF) compatible with ClampFit, an excellent software suite for data inspection and manual measurements.  Metadata is also read and conveniently arranged into Excel summaries.

2. Common Analysis contains tools to quickly read and plot routinely checked parameters such as capacitance, current-voltage profiles, rheobase, etc.
3. DRG Analysis contains tools to quickly analyze physiologic parameters of dorsal root ganglia, and generate Excel summaries and figures of these data for classification. These parameters include inward and outward current amplitudes, decay time, and integrated current.
4. Go Analysis contains a tool to integrate raw positional data generated by Any-Maze into heat-map plots.

### HEKA Preprocessing
To use, 
1. Set path to a folder containing data exported from Patchmaster as numbered .asc text. 
2. Export parameters to this folder as 'parameters.*' text.
3. Run

### Common Analysis
To use Capacitance.py:
1. Set path of working directory including parameters.xlsx from ParamParse.py
2. Run

To use IV.py:
1. Set path of working directory including parameters.xlsx from ParamParse.py, and aggregate sweep measures from ClampFit with headers, named 'sweep.xlsx'
2. Run

To use Rheo.py:
1. Run clampfit event detection on each file, save output .atf's and parameters.xlsx to working directory.
2. Run to generate analysis xlsx with raw data/summary data sheets.
3. Run RheoPlotter.py in working directory to generate plots as desired.
4. Run RheoGraphExporter to generate individual summary data arranged to paste directly into Origin.

### DRG Analysis
1. For each routine, ensure parameters.xlsx, raw .ABF files, and Clampfit .atf Tau fits for each included observation are in the working directory.
2. Run

### Go Analysis
1. Export raw sylk files to working directory.
2. Run